# org.openapitools.client - Kotlin client library for OpenAPI Okta IP Ranges

OpenAPI specification and a set of generated API clients for Okta IP Ranges

## Overview
This API client was generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project.  By using the [openapi-spec](https://github.com/OAI/OpenAPI-Specification) from a remote server, you can easily generate an API client.

- API version: 0.9.0-pre.0
- Package version: 
- Generator version: 7.9.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.KotlinClientCodegen
For more information, please visit [https://github.com/oapicf/openapi-okta-ip-ranges](https://github.com/oapicf/openapi-okta-ip-ranges)

## Requires

* Kotlin 1.7.21
* Gradle 7.5

## Build

First, create the gradle wrapper script:

```
gradle wrapper
```

Then, run:

```
./gradlew check assemble
```

This runs all tests and packages the library.

## Features/Implementation Notes

* Supports JSON inputs/outputs, File inputs, and Form inputs.
* Supports collection formats for query parameters: csv, tsv, ssv, pipes.
* Some Kotlin and Java types are fully qualified to avoid conflicts with types defined in OpenAPI definitions.
* Implementation of ApiClient is intended to reduce method counts, specifically to benefit Android targets.

<a id="documentation-for-api-endpoints"></a>
## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://s3.amazonaws.com/okta-ip-ranges*

| Class | Method | HTTP request | Description |
| ------------ | ------------- | ------------- | ------------- |
| *DefaultApi* | [**ipRangesJsonGet**](docs/DefaultApi.md#iprangesjsonget) | **GET** /ip_ranges.json | Retrieve Okta IP ranges |


<a id="documentation-for-models"></a>
## Documentation for Models

 - [org.openapitools.client.models.IpRangesJsonGet200ResponseValue](docs/IpRangesJsonGet200ResponseValue.md)


<a id="documentation-for-authorization"></a>
## Documentation for Authorization

Endpoints do not require authorization.



## Author

blah+oapicf@cliffano.com
